frame dropped okay I think that that's
okay all right come on there we go there
we go okay now it's
working all right I don't know what was
happening earlier all right this is the
audio test this the audio
test maybe it's just like super delayed
I don't know is it supposed to send it
immediately
well anyways um okay so this is
streaming just my camera and my mic
using pure FFM Peg no
OBS um so the next step after this is
to get probably a local file streaming
to YouTube in Rust as opposed to trying
to get
the um
as a as opposed to trying to get all the
camera and the bounding box stuff done
you know whatever separate all the
issues all right so I think that this is
good we know know how to stream pure FFM
Peg